Update README to add new members (#22)
alan-turing-institute/HDS-DiscussionGroup: README.md

Members of this discussion/interest group are from The Alan Turing Institute, University College London, British Library and their friends or colleagues.
As we gain momentum in this project and test different formats to run our discussion sessions, we understand that there might be more people who would like to get involved in the discussions or read notes from these meetings.

## Maintainers and Organisers

The project maintainers and discussion group organisers are the following members:

> - Federico Nanni (@fnanni), Senior Data Scientists, The Alan Turing Institute
> - Katherine L. McDonough (@kmcdono2), Hostory Post Doc, Living with Machine Project
> - Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan), Senior Researcher and Co-Lead of The Turing Way
> - Valeria Vitale, Research Associate, Digital Cultural Heritage
> - Kalle Westerling (@kallewesterling), DH Research Software Engineer, Living with Machine Project
> - Anne Lee Steele (@aleesteele), Community Manager of The Turing Way

Author: ```suggestion
- Federico Nanni (@fnanni), Senior Data Scientist, Research Engineering Group
- Katherine L. McDonough (@kmcdono2), History Postdoc, Living with Machine Project
- Malvika Sharan (@malvikasharan), Senior Researcher and Co-Lead of The Turing Way
- Valeria Vitale, Research Associate, Digital Cultural Heritage
- Kalle Westerling (@kallewesterling), DH Research Software Engineer, Living with Machine Project
- Anne Lee Steele (@aleesteele), Community Manager of The Turing Way
```
